Update README.md (#297)
datalens-tech/datalens: README.md

### Running containers

Clone repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/datalens-tech/datalens && cd datalens
```

> Then, for a quick start, use the following command to start DataLens containers:

Reviewer: May be this would be a little bit better?
```
For the quick start use the following command to start DataLens containers:
```
at least you don't need commas ;)

> Then, for a quick start, use the following command to start DataLens containers:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the quick start use the following command to start DataLens containers:
```

```bash
HC=1 docker compose up
```

This command will launch all containers required to run DataLens, and the UI will be available on http://localhost:8080 (default user and password is `admin`, `admin`).

<details>
      <summary>Using different port for UI</summary>
If you want to use a different port (e.g. `8081`), you can set it using the `UI_PORT` env variable:
      
```bash
UI_PORT=8081 docker compose up
```
</details>

However, for prolonged usage we recommend generating a compose file with random secrets:

```bash
# generate random secrets with openssl, store it to .env file and prepare production compose template
./init.sh --hc

# and then run production compose
docker compose -f ./docker-compose.production.yaml up -d

# you can also generate and run production compose file with one command
./init.sh --hc --up
```

> Output of `init.sh` will contain generated admin password.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Randomly generated admin password will be stored in the `.env` file and printed to terminal.
```
